README.md, before:

<a href="https://hulkchat.vercel.app/">
  <h1 align="center">HulkChat</h1>
</a>

<p align="center">
  An open-source AI chatbot app built with Next.js, the Vercel AI SDK, OpenAI, and Vercel KV (<a href="https://vercel.com/templates/next.js/nextjs-ai-chatbot">template</a>).
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#features"><strong>Features</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#model-providers"><strong>Model Providers</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#running-locally"><strong>Running locally</strong></a> ·
</p>
<br/>

## Features

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) App Router
- React Server Components (RSCs), Suspense, and Server Actions
- [Vercel AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs) for streaming chat UI
- Support for OpenAI (default), Anthropic, Hugging Face, or custom AI chat models and/or LangChain
- Edge runtime-ready
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com)
  - Styling with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
  - [Radix UI](https://radix-ui.com) for headless component primitives
  - Icons from [Phosphor Icons](https://phosphoricons.com)
- Chat History, rate limiting, and session storage with [Vercel KV](https://vercel.com/storage/kv)
- [NextAuth.js](https://github.com/nextauthjs/next-auth) for authentication

## Model Providers

This template ships with OpenAI `gpt-3.5-turbo` as the default. However, thanks to the [Vercel AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs), you can switch LLM providers to [Anthropic](https://anthropic.com), [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co), or using [LangChain](https://js.langchain.com) with just a few lines of code.

## Creating a KV Database Instance

Follow the steps outlined in the [quick start guide](https://vercel.com/docs/storage/vercel-kv/quickstart#create-a-kv-database) provided by Vercel. This guide will assist you in creating and configuring your KV database instance on Vercel, enabling your application to interact with it.

Remember to update your environment variables (`KV_URL`, `KV_REST_API_URL`, `KV_REST_API_TOKEN`, `KV_REST_API_READ_ONLY_TOKEN`) in the `.env` file with the appropriate credentials provided during the KV database setup.

## Running locally

1. Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
2. Link local instance with the Vercel project accounts (creates `.vercel` directory): `vercel link`
3. Download the environment variables: `vercel env pull`

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

The app should now be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

Commit message:

feat: add inngest evaluation pipeline

README.md, after:

<a href="https://hulkchat.vercel.app/">
  <h1 align="center">HulkChat</h1>
</a>

<p align="center">
  An open-source AI chatbot app built with Next.js, the Vercel AI SDK, OpenAI, Anthropic, and Vercel KV.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#features"><strong>Features</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#model-providers"><strong>Model Providers</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#running-locally"><strong>Running locally</strong></a> ·
</p>
<br/>

## Features

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) App Router
- React Server Components (RSCs), Suspense, and Server Actions
- [Vercel AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs) for streaming chat UI
- Support for OpenAI (default) and Anthropic
- Edge runtime-ready
- Chat History, rate limiting, and session storage with [Vercel KV](https://vercel.com/storage/kv)
- [NextAuth.js](https://github.com/nextauthjs/next-auth) for authentication

## Model Providers

This template ships with OpenAI `gpt-3.5-turbo` as the default. However, thanks to the [Vercel AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs), you can switch LLM providers to [Anthropic](https://anthropic.com), [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co), or using [LangChain](https://js.langchain.com) with just a few lines of code.

## Running locally

1. Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
2. Link local instance with the Vercel project accounts (creates `.vercel` directory): `vercel link`
3. Download the environment variables: `vercel env pull`

### First Terminal

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

### Second Terminal

```bash
npx inngest-cli@latest dev
```

The app should now be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).
